DOC: GNU-Make on Windows (#8164)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/install/contributing.rst

for more information.

GNU Make
~~~~~~~~
GNU Make facilitates deploying a package by executing corresponding commands
from the ``Makefile``. For MNE-Python we have two Makefiles, one in the parent
directory mainly for testing and one in ``/doc`` for building the documentation.

To check if make is already installed type ::

   $ make

into a terminal and you should see ::

   make: *** No targets specified and no makefile found.  Stop.

If you don't see this or something similar:

.. sidebar::
   If you get:

   *bash: conda: command not found*

   you need to add

   - ``(Anaconda-Path)``
   - ``(Anaconda-Path)\Scripts``

   to Windows-PATH.

- For Linux/MacOS, get `GNU Make`_
- For Windows, you can install make for git BASH (which comes with `git for Windows`_):

>    1. Download ``make-(newest version)-without-guile-w32-bin.zip`` from `ezwinports`_

Reviewer: There is one too many spaces on these lines that make it render as a blockquote:

https://21851-1301584-gh.circle-artifacts.com/0/dev/install/contributing.html#gnu-make

Author: Thank you, I am fixing it

for more information.

GNU Make
~~~~~~~~
GNU Make facilitates deploying a package by executing corresponding commands

> from the ``Makefile``. For MNE-Python we got two Makefiles, one in the parent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the ``Makefile``. For MNE-Python we have two Makefiles, one in the parent
```

directory mainly for testing and one in ``/doc`` for building the documentation.

To check if make is already installed type ::

   $ make

into a terminal and you should see ::

   make: *** No targets specified and no makefile found.  Stop.

> If you don’t see this or something similar:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you don't see this or something similar:
```
